What, for crying out loud?
Sorry I'm late, everyone!
Gohan, what's the deal with that outfit?
Mother said I should be
neat and tidy when I come.
We're just camping here!
What was your mommy thinking?
And that rucksack is incredible.
What do you have inside it?
Right! Mother packed
all kinds of things for me.
Language, arithmetic, science
and social studies reference books,
along with my sleep-study set.
I also have mosquito repellent,
a bellywarmer and a pillow.
My alarm clock...
this is a pouch of curry...
and I have all of
this canned food...
Let's see, I also have...
this, and that, and such...
Fire!
Hurry! We have to get upwind of it!
W- which way is upwind!?
W- w- which way!?
Gohan! We'll knock
the flames out using our Ki!
Can you do that!?
Yes!
All right!
Now's your chance!
For a minute, I wasn't sure
what would become of us.
Thank goodness.
The animals have been put out.
Poor guys.
G- Gohan...
Bulma-san, would you
lend us your Dragon Radar?
The Dragon Radar?
Oh, yeah!
You're such good boys.
Kuririn-san!
Break through the shining clouds,
and fly away (fly away)
As a panorama spreads itself
throughout my being!
The earth, having been kicked
in the face, gets angry (angry)!
And makes one of its
volcanoes explode!
If, within the thawed polar ice,
There is a dinosaur, then I want
to train him to balance atop a ball.
CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA
No matter what may happen,
I feel as though nothing can bother me,
CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA
However hard your chest pounds,
the Genki Dama will roar!
CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA
The emptier your head is,
the more room there is to pack with dreams,
CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA
With a cheerful face and an Ultra-Z,
today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
Sparking!
Haiya Dragon!
Come back!
Don't do that! Shen Long is going
to return your forest back to normal!
Right?
Shen Long does have a scary face, and all.
It's no wonder Haiya Dragon was frightened.
Now, speak forth thy wish.
I shall grant thee any one wish.
Please make this forest
the pretty forest it was before!
That is a simple matter.
I have granted thy wish.
Farewell!
That tickles!
Tullece-sama, there are
life signs coming from Earth.
There couldn't be. Earth is the
planet that Kakarrot was sent to...
...long ago.
Then again, it is too beautiful.
Tullece-sama, you will be most pleased.
Earth's soil appears to be
suitable for growing the Shinseiju tree.
Goku-sa, how's the water?
Not quite warm enough, Chichi.
Father, let's have a contest.
All right!
G- Goku-sa!
I lost.
Haiya Dragon!
G- Gohan-chan!
See? This is the friend
I was telling you about earlier.
I'm impressed
that you found my home.
Isn't he cute?
W- which part?
Gohan-chan!
Really, Gohan-chan,
you are fast becomin' a bad child!
Ever since you started
playin' with Goku-sa 's friends,
you don't study in the least!
Chichi, ain't that enough already?
Goku-sa, you just hush.
Havin' come to this point,
I can't let him play anymore.
But I do study.
That's what makes you my Gohan-chan.
So I can keep Haiya Dragon, can't I?
Send it back to the mountains!
I just can't deal with those things.
But...
You understand me?
Send it back, right now!
I'm sorry, but you have to go
back to the mountains, okay?
I'll come visit you later.
Please, go bye-bye.
No, I said.
What am I going to do with you?
Gohan!
How do you like it, Gohan?
Thank you, Father!
But don't tell your mother!
Well, Pu-erh, how's the ride?
It's the best!
Isn't it, isn't it? I bought it
on a 15-year loan, after all.
I'm surprised someone
offered you that much credit.
Well, I did become famous overnight
because of the Tenkaichi Tournament.
Everyone will be so
surprised when we show up in this!
They sure will!
Yamucha-sama...
What is that Ki!?
For a little while now,
I've been sensing an ominous Ki...
Take firm root, now.
Hurry and bear fruit.
Does that feel good?
Gohan! Suppertime!
Okay!
We'll play again later, okay?
Bye!
To think that Earth would be an
ideal planet to grow Shinseiju fruit on...
This is all thanks to Kakarrot
leaving the planet unharmed.
Help!
Wow, you had a rough time of it, huh?
Yeah. My whole 15-year loan, all gone.
Thank you. Sorry to suddenly drop in like this.
Why did you buy something so expensive!?
You're trying to be popular
with other girls again, huh!?
N- no, i- it's not like that...
You never think ahead, and just buy things!
Chichi-san, thanks for
going to all this trouble for us.
Don't be silly. As long as you
don't interfere with Gohan's studyin',
you stay as long as you like.
I could help teach him his lessons, okay?
That's what I'm most worried about.
H- Haiya Dragon!
Gohan-chan! Haven't you
sent that thing back yet?
W- well, you see...
W- where's the harm?
Goku-sa, you're conspirin'
with Gohan-chan again!
I- I wouldn't say that...
We can't do this
outside the cave, you know!
--What's the matter?
--Gohan-chan!
We've got guests! Send it away at once!
Okay!
Sorry about this, but wait
for me at the cave, okay?
No, I can't play right now.
No!
He seemed to be acting strange, huh?
It just wants to play.
Goku...
Kaio-sama?
Goku, something terrible has happened.
Something terrible?
A ghastly tree called a Shinseiju
has taken root across the whole Earth.
Shinseiju?
Ordinarily, only Kami-sama are
allowed to eat of the fruit of this tree.
Once a Shinseiju takes root,
it bears fruit until it has sucked
all of the nourishment out of the land,
while the surrounding plants wither away.
The planet becomes a desert wasteland,
and it's said that
not even a blade of grass
will grow in its soil
for several centuries afterward.
How can that be?
In other words, once it has
taken root it is already too late.
Its fruit will suck all of
the nutrients out of the Earth,
and in the end, it will
turn the world into a desert.
Then, our Earth is-!?
Unfortunately, it's too late.
I can't believe that!
A little longer, and the fruit will be ripe.
After eating the fruit which has
absorbed this much of the Earth's energy,
our power will rise once again.
The Crusher Tullece Corps,
strongest in the universe,
will be invincible wherever we go!
Even Freeza will be easy to handle.
Tullece-sama will be
the emperor of the universe!
Da!
And it's all thanks to the Shinseiju fruit.
No.
It's thanks to that foolish Kakarrot.
The trees are all going to wither and die!?
And all the water will be gone?
I don't know.
But once it takes root, it's too late, right?
If we put all of our powers together,
we should be able to blow
the tree away, roots and all!
That's right! Let's do it, guys!
--Yeah!
--All right!
Let's go!
Gohan, you can't go.
Aww...
And after Shen Long went to the trouble
of returning this forest back to normal.
Who the hell would do this?
All right, here goes!
Goku, let's try again!
It's no use! It doesn't look like
we can get rid of these roots
without blowing the Earth to bits!
Nobody can destroy the Shinseiju tree.
I can sense an incredible Ki
from them. Who are these guys?
You're the ones who
planted this tree, ain't you?
Anyone who gets in our
way will lose their lives.
You guys caused that explosion, huh?
Give me back my new car, you bastards!
Da!
These guys don't look like Saiyans,
but I've got a bad feeling about this.
I wonder if he doesn't like me anymore.
Maybe he went back to the
forest because I got so mad at him.
Haiya Dragon!
I'll get you back for my loan!
Chaozu!
Raisin!
Rakasei!
We are twin brothers!
Taiyo-ken!!
Kienzan!!
Take this!
Hmph! If you want to win, you do this!
D- damn!
Sokidan!!
Yamucha!
You'll have to take me on!
Pull a clever stunt like that, will you!?
W- who's there!?
Stop messing up the animals' forest!
Tch, this isn't my lucky day.
I'm facing another kid.
He's strong.
That kid couldn't be...
...a Saiyan?
This time, I'm not holding back!
Brace yourself!
Masenko!!
W- what the hell just happened?
Where did that kid go!?
Right here!
What!?
I did it!
This kid is the genuine article.
That's strange. Where could
Haiya Dragon have gone?
Could he be hiding somewhere?
I hope he's safe-
Father?
Oh, I see, so you're Kakarrot's son.
You're not Father!
It's not surprising that
Kakarrot and I should look alike.
We disposable lower-class
warriors only come in a few types.
Battle power 10,000.
I should have figured as much,
inheriting Saiyan blood like you do.
W- who are you!?
Me? I am...
A- a Saiyan!
Yes. My name is Tullece.
T- Tullece?
Listen, boy, would you
like to come with me?
We'll roam through space
wherever we want to go,
destroying any planets we like,
eating delicious foods
and drinking delicious wines.
There is no more
enjoyable life than this.
Who do you think is going to join you!?
Hey, now, don't be so harsh.
We're among the
few surviving Saiyans.
Let's get along, now.
This beautiful blue planet is already doomed
to become a rust-colored, dried-up world.
You're better off coming with me.
Unless you'd rather die like this?
Something's coming. Battle power 18,000.
Who is it?
What do you want?
P- Piccolo-san!
Take your hands off of Gohan.
I must politely decline.
Don't mess with me!
--P- Piccolo-san!
--Are you okay?
Yeah.
As a Saiyan, you should live
in a way more befitting a Saiyan.
Otherwise, that fine tail of yours will weep.
Let me show you the correct way to use it.
The way that will make you
the most keenly aware
that you are a Saiyan!
Do you know what this is?
It's the moon.
Burst open and blend together!
Boy, show me your Saiyan power!
Don't look, Gohan!
Can't have me becoming an ape, too.
But the effect of my power
ball will last a little longer.
Now, show me your primary form.
Leave my Gohan alone!
Die!
You guys...
...are in my way!!
G- Gohan!
Gohan!
Kaio-ken!!
The child kills his father.
Thus are the Saiyans.
Kakarrot, after you're dead,
I will look after your kid, so rest easy.
Son! Cut off his tail!
--Piccolo!
--Do not interfere!
You don't know when to die!
Gohan! Gohan!
Smash him against
the rocks like an insect!
Why does someone like you,
who has inherited the blood
of the mightiest of warriors, the Saiyans,
show pity to a lower
life form like that?
Gohan and me ain't Saiyans!
We're Earthlings!
Are you sure about that?
Gohan!
How about now? Can you
still say he's not a Saiyan?
You fool! You think
you're a match for me!?
Looks like I was
uncharacteristically optimistic
about taking the traitor
Kakarrot's kid with me, after all.
Die!!
Gohan!
F- Father...
Father, protect the earth...
Gohan!
I don't know about the earth,
but I'll protect you, at least!
And I am definitely
going to defeat that guy!
Kakarrot, you're a
disgrace to the Saiyan race!
I ain't Kakarrot! I'm Son Goku!
Tullece-sama, please
allow us to deal with him.
These guys seemed to fight pretty well,
but they're still no match for us.
That was a close call earlier.
You guys stand aside!
Don't you look down your nose at us!
You sure are in a fine position,
watching from a distance, huh!?
That hurt a little bit.
You guys are in my way!
Kakarrot, if you kneel
before me and apologize,
I will allow you and your kid to join me.
I told you! I'm Son Goku!
I've been repeatedly eating
the fruit of the Shinseiju.
You think you can beat me?
The difference in our powers
is like that of heaven and earth.
You won't know that until you try me!
I really am glad
that I hit my head as a baby!
That's because I got away
with not being like you!
I can't let you leave like this!
B- battle power 30,000!
What is with this guy?
His battle power is skyrocketing!
I've won.
You won't be able to face me
now with that kind of battle power.
I'll dig a grave for you
right in the middle of this world,
as it turns into a desert.
It's the least I can do for you,
since we were both born Sayians.
Is that all the power you've got!?
See if you can entertain me some more!
Kaio-ken... times ten!!
Now, kneel...
If you kneel and beg for
your life, I will forgive you.
I- I promised Gohan... I- I can't lose...
What will it be, Kakarrot?
I'm... Son Goku!
In that case, die!
You're just a lower-class
fighter after all. What a disgrace.
But I'm not like you.
Using the Shinseiju fruit, I will bring
the whole universe to its knees!
G- Goku... a Genki Dama...
H- hit him with a Genki Dama...
Piccolo... Yamucha...
I can't... I don't have the power left...
G- Goku... don't forget, I'm here, too...
Me, too...
Kuririn... Chaozu...
I'm still alive, too!
Father...
G- Gohan!
A- all of you...
You're still alive, are you?
You are persistent.
T- the Land...
the Seas...
the Skies...
...and everyone drawing
breath on this world at this time...
...share your Genki energy with me!
For all of your sakes...
for the Earth's sake...
...give me your Genki energy!
Kakarrot?
Out of my way!
It's done!
W- what?
You are not getting away with this!
Tullece, take this!
T- the earth's Genki energy
has been absorbed by the Shinseiju tree,
so the Genki for
the Genki Dama wasn't enough.
I- it's all over now...
With all of these,
there is nothing for me to fear.
So warm... W- what is this?
S- Son...
Goku is gathering Ki
from the Shinseiju...
So warm...
Tullece!
Kakarrot, are you still around!?
You are not getting away with this.
Haiya Dragon!
With the Shinseiju withering and dying,
the earth just might be spared.
It's because the Shinseiju fruit
shared its energy with Son Goku,
the same Shinseiju fruit
that had absorbed the earth's energy,
that he was able to
create a super Genki Dama.
And with that mass of nourishment
now raining down like a shower,
it is giving its power to all living things.
Son-kun, it really is a good
thing you bumped your head
when you were a baby, huh?
It sure is.
Otherwise, you might
have ganged up with Tullece,
and ravaged the universe with them.
And as a result, I still have the scar here.
Hey, Haiya Dragon,
I hear you played a big role.
You've got a lot of guts, don't you?
T- this guy is just like Piccolo!
He only lets his guard down for Gohan!
That was close, that was close!
Look, right behind us,
the gods of destruction!
I am able to see them!
Dragon! Dragon! (Dragon! Dragon!)
Look, right next to us,
the gods of destruction!
They stretch out their arms
and there's an explosion!
Dragon! Dragon! (Dragon! Dragon!)
They're coming after us,
cloaked in darkness,
but right now, the energy we
have to face them is uncertain.
You- all do a handstand
to lend your support,
just a little power.
I'll put it all together,
and send it along!
The whole world wants to be saved,
the whole world believes,
in all of their dreams.
Look, right before our eyes,
the gods of destruction!
I am able to feel them!
Dragon! Dragon! (Dragon! Dragon!)
Look, right near us,
the gods of destruction!
I am able to see them!